Current development version (release candidate 1.3.0)

     Features:

   - Ability to highlight a whole line and show a mark on the margin (#71)

   - Option to delete the whole notes entry when highlight is removed if
     there is no notes body text (#21)

   - `org-remark-open` to open the associated marginal notes file if
     cursor outside a highlight (#72)

     Fixes:

   - fix: compiler warning ‘org-remark-highlight-save’ is an obsolete...

Version 1.2.2 - 2024-03-25

  - fix: program error #78 mapconcat's 3rd arg is not optional in Emacs 28

Version 1.2.1 - 2023-08-20

  - fix: org-remark-icon-mode is a void symbol

Version 1.2.0 - 2023-08-20

  - feat(info): Org-remark supports Info

          + Advice has been implemented. It is added and removed by
            `org-remark-info-mode`.

          + No suitable hook is avaialble to trigger a function after the Info node
            is rendered. This is necessary as Info renders a new node in the same
            buffer (in the same way as Nov.el does).

  - feat: icons for additional information for highlights

          + Notes exists for the highlight (*)

          + The highlight position auto-adjusted (d)

          + Uses the new `org-remark-highlights-after-load-functions'

          + Icons are customizable. You can also disable icons by setting
            the respective customizing variable to nil

          + The default face of auto-adjusted icon is customizable with
            face `org-remark-highlighter-warning'

          + `org-remark-toggle' also toggles the icon display

  - feat: nov.el support for epub books

         + The link is added to the notes org file correctly pointing
           back to epub's highlight location with using :nov link type
           added by nov.el.l

  - feat: Adjust positions after load

         + This is useful especially for epubs via nov.el. Nov.el
           renders tables on differently depending on the size of the
           window. This causes the positions of subsequent text elements
           to move depending on the window size when the page is
           rendered, dislocating the positions of highlights. This
           feature attemps to auto-correct the location on the fly. The
           feature works generically, so Org-remark attemps to correct
           minior edits to websites (for EWW).

         + The fact that a given highlight has been automatically moved
           is indicated by an icon

  - feat: org-remark-highlights-after-load-functions
          Abnormal hook

  Fixes:

  - fix: org 9.6.7 breaks org-remark-highlights-get (#70)

  - fix: Make load process robust

         + When error occurs during the load process, instead of
           emitting an error, Org-remark now halts the load process and
           returns without an error. This has been proven useful
           especially for epub support with nov.el. Nov.el renders by
           reusing the same buffer instead of generating a new one. When
           error occurs during the load process (e.g. user accidentally
           deletes some property data in the notes org buffer), the
           error would cause nov.el to not properly render the epub
           book. This could override the epub archive file wiht a plain
           text file of a single file from the book, errasing the entire
           book. With this change, Org-remark does not cause the error
           when loading highlights from the notes org file to preven
           this distructive process from happening.

         + `org-remark-highlights-get' existence checks beg and end

           beg and end must exist. If either is nil, `number-to-string`
           errors and load stops prematurely. This can happen when the
           user manually manages the notes file and accidentally deletes
           the beg/end props.

   - fix: default highlighter color for dark theme

          No functional change. Changed the default color of the
          highlighter to be more visible in the dark theme.

Version 1.1.0 - 2023-05-20

  Features:

  - feat: notes-and-source sync
          Previously, Org-remark was designed to create/update/delete
          highlights from the source buffer to its marginal notes
          buffer; this was always one-way from the source to the notes.

          Now we have implemented the updating process in the other
          direction from the notes to source.

          Functionally, we currently have echo-text/tooltip containing
          an excerpt from the body of notes from the notes buffer
          (thanks to @mooseyboots).

          Other than this additional feature, there should be no visible
          change for end users.  The update should all happen
          transparently behind the scenes with no to little change for
          end users of Org-remark.

  - feat: echo-text update from the marginal notes to the source buffer
          This is a code contribution by marty hiatt (@mooseyboots).  He
          has done FSF copyright assignment in July, 2022.

          Now the source buffer can Display annotation text as help-echo
          or tooltip. Thank you, @mooseyboots.

          This has opened up an avenue to implement "notes sync" feature
          which updates select elements of marginal notes buffer back
          into the source buffer for highlight overlays.

  - feat: Extend support for non-file-visiting buffer
          We now have an approach to extend Org-remark to support
          non-file-visiting buffers of various modes.  Currently it is
          assumed that the support is to be implemented per mode
          basis. We have support for EWW with 'org-remark-eww-mode' and
          its dedicated file and feature 'org-remark-eww'. Refer to its
          implementation as a reference as to how this approach is
          currently practiced.

  - feat: Global minor mode org-remark-eww-mode
          Support taking annotations in eww buffers for websites A new
          feature contributed by Vedang Manerikar (@vedang).  He has
          completed FSF paperwork in May, 2022 and received a PDF
          regarding the same from the FSF.

          This has opened up a big new avenue to support highlights in
          non-file visiting buffers. Thank you @vedang.

          EWW support is modularized in a separate file
          'org-remark-eww.el'.

          org-remark-link: prop for EWW
          Now 'org-remark-link' property in the marginal notes buffer
          contains the URL that you can follow for the source website.

  - add: org-remark-open-hook #40
         Hook run when a note buffer is opened/visited. The current
         buffer is the note buffer.

  Fixes:

  - refactor: change the default colors of yellow pen #52
         This is to cater to users who have dark theme that may render
         the highlighted text illegible due to the default background
         color of yellow.

  - fix: Text cut off in notes if the highlight spans across two lines #56
         Thanks to GitHub user @sati-bodhi for reporting and suggesting a fix
         (code implemented by nobiot). Thank you @sati-bodhi.

  - fix: issue #44 change CATEGORY
         Now CATEGORY property from the highlight can be properly
         deleted if a new pen does not have CATEGORY.

  - fix: case for highlight-get-text empty notes at the bottom of buffer

  - fix: text-property org-remark-label to be symbol
         Fixes the error when you do 'describe-text-properties' on the
         highlight overlay

  - fix: move org-remark-source-find-file-name to tracking
         After EWW support, 'org-remark-source-get-file-name' is now
         moved to 'org-remark-global-tracking.el' file

  - fix: source-file-name incorrect issue #39
         PR #38 by Nan Jun Jie (@nanjj).  Thank you @nanjj.

Version 1.0.5
  - fix #28 toggle causes error on saving highlights
  - fix #39 source-file-name incorrect issue

Version 1.0.4
  - fix: "Wrong type argument: stringp, nil" on highlightintg in scratch

Version 1.0.3
  - fix #23: "Wrong type argument: stringp, nil" on org export
  - fix #22: highlights not found when marginalia does not show all

Version 1.0.2
  - Update README, user manual, and doc strings in source

Version 1.0.1
  - Update user manual

Version 1.0.0
  - chg: align with GNU convention: path -> file name

         Regarding user option `org-remark-notes-file-path`, the GNU convention
         is to call this a "file name" rather than a "path"; "path" is only used
         for lists of directories as in `load-path` (pointed out by Stefan
         Monnier; thank you).

         To align with the GNU convention, the following changes are done.
         Users should not have to change their existing customization as the old
         names are aliased to the new ones.

         User option:
         - org-remark-notes-file-path -> org-remark-notes-file-name
         - org-remark-source-path-function -> 'org-remark-source-file-name

         Function:
         - org-remark-notes-file-path-function -> org-remark-notes-file-name-function

         Private Function:
         - org-remark-notes-get-file-path -> org-remark-notes-get-file-name

         `org-remark-notes-file-path`, `org-remark-source-path-function`, and
         `org-remark-notes-file-path-function` are used by existing
         customization, thus both explicitly made obsolete and aliased to the
         new file-name equivalents.

  - fix: Relative file name of the source file in the notes file

         The relative file name of the source was not relative from the marginal notes
         file but from the source file itself -- this should be relative from the
         marginal notes.

  - chg: `org-remark-global-tracking-mode' has been simplified.

         This is not expected to break the user's workflow or configuration
         -- simply removing a superfluous feature.

         .org-remark-tracking file is no longer necessary and can be safely
         deleted from the user's Emacs configuraiton directory if present.
         Automatic activation of `org-remark-mode' is done by looking the
         presence of a marginal notes file for current buffer open.

         `org-remark-global-tracking-mode' itself is still relevant and
         recommended to be setup as was previously in the user manual.

  - add: Option to use relative links from the marginal notes back to the source

         Adding user option org-remark-source-path-function.  The default is
         file-relative-name.

  - add: Adding a new option to org-remark-notes-file-path to use a function

         Its default function is org-remark-notes-file-path-function.  It
         returns a file name like this: "FILE-notes.org" by adding
         "-notes.org" as a suffix to the file name without the extension.

[Older changes before v1.0.0 are in CHANGELOG file]
